pages/index.md, before:

---
title: "Yosh (izolate)"
template: base
public: true
---

# izolate ⚡

My name is Yosh (or यशोधन) and I'm an indie hacker. As a full stack engineer, I draw upon my interests in art, design and anthropology to bring a unique perspective to the trade.

I'm currently in Osaka, Japan 🇯🇵, persuing a life of a digital nomad. Aside from code, I enjoy taking photographs, seeking new food adventures, traveling, and playing music.

Please [contact me](/contact) if you're looking to work together.

## Skills

- JavaScript, Node.js, Go, Python, Dart.
- React, React Native, Flutter, Vue, GraphQL.
- Postgres, SQL, MongoDB, Google Firestore/Spanner, Redis.
- Linux, Docker, K8s, Pub/Sub, Google Cloud, AWS, and more.

## Open source

- [tota](https://tota.dev) - Static site generator.
- [html2pug](https://html2pug.com) - Converts HTML to Pug
- [millify](https://github.com/izolate/millify) - Converts long numbers to human-readable strings
- [front-matter](https://pub.dev/packages/front_matter) - Front matter parser
- [slugify](https://github.com/izolate/slugify) - Converts a string to a slug

## Quick links

- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/izolate)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/izolate)
- [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/talwary)

Commit message:

Convert contact page to about page

pages/index.md, after:

---
title: "Yosh (izolate)"
template: base
public: true
---

# izolate ⚡

My name is Yosh (or यशोधन) and I'm a  full-stack software engineer currently located in  Philadelphia.

Please get in [touch](/about) if you'd like to work together.

### Skills

- JavaScript, Node.js, Go, Python, Dart.
- React, React Native, Flutter, Vue, GraphQL.
- Postgres, SQL, MongoDB, Google Firestore/Spanner, Redis.
- Linux, Docker, K8s, Pub/Sub, Google Cloud, AWS, and more.

### Open source

- [tota](https://tota.dev) – Static site generator.
- [html2pug](https://html2pug.com) – Converts HTML to Pug
- [millify](https://github.com/izolate/millify) – Converts long numbers to human-readable strings
- [front-matter](https://pub.dev/packages/front_matter) – Front matter parser
- [slugify](https://github.com/izolate/slugify) – Converts a string to a slug

### Quick links

- GitHub: [@izolate](https://github.com/izolate)
- Instagram: [@izol4te](https://twitter.com/izolate)
- LinkedIn: [talwary](https://linkedin.com/in/talwary)
